yes hello and welcome to
a good video here on the canal
we have to talk about this
headphone
These are the watch beats by year of
beats from the monster series and indeed
I think that's quite a bit
Outrageous what the company beats in
Here are some of these headphones
beats fans if I probably too
to disagree over that was me
now first matter I am pretty
angry about these headphones
Let 's take a look at these things
more precisely, first of all, the price
headphone cost 80 euro is considering you
80 euros I would like to be ready for
a good sound so much to pay
but that's not how it sounds
really not so dolle
he is barely above the one
not included Samsung headphones
fly around the Amazon
currently for five euros to acquire
yes then we come to the next point
First of all , the cable was more here
cable the cable up here is ever
not very thin
trustworthy
and how the whole thing had to come
I am after two weeks because of a cable break
in there or three weeks I have the things
Now I have to apologize
In any case, at 80 € may
that's not true
but after three
weeks
sorry after three weeks that really can
Not be
So after half a year after one
year I understand the whole I'm with
the headphones are not synonymous
I've got a lot of rage around
in this funny bag around it
worn there is also included
I look very nice when the
supplied he has determined
also what thought but that the k
that there is a cable break with so
expensive headphones so where is the
picture quality yes to the sound I have yes
ever said something another point
who is also upset me is one
small design error
These parts of the gum dissolve
above quite easy yes from the headphones
just seen that
that's pretty stupid at that
Gather sharing already better
and that should not be because
they the headphones specifically on cable
get stuck or something like that
I happen to do the thing here then
ear triggers and in the worst two
worst case gets stuck and
yes that may be the headphones first
not being determined also some people
the the thing somehow get finished
deeper into the ear I had
of course not so deep
but if it's stupid yes it can
be that that there
somehow stuck in it or something and is
then quite uncomfortable and you
Maybe yes I can
imagine that you have to go to the hospital
Something like that can happen there
luckily, that's not so bad for me
but I thought that was pretty stupid
I never had with other headphones
but this is me now
noticed yes I think I can you
give a very good impression what
it has the headphones on it
he pays the most money for the name
the sound really is not like that
especially and the quality is also one
a bit on the track remained like
I personally think that's mine now
opinion my personal impression of
the headphones on
and yes I can give you the headphones for
There is an example from the company samsung
because that for 29 euros and other
Manufacturers have great headphones in the
program around the 30 euro clicks you
just go through the best lists
and listen to a few opinions
around
I have some philips here
headphones are also very good
there are a few philips headphones for
29 Euros I can also here
I just can not fly around but
they are really good 29 euro can
I only recommend you I can do that
Link also do the description again
but sorry people the headphones i can
really do not recommend
Thank you for looking up to the
next video here on the channel
send well